Complex Networks Homework 1<br>Coupled centrality measures<br>1 Instructions<br>• Deadline: Monday 7th April, 9am.<br>• Marks: This homework is worth 50% of your coursework mark, that is 10%<br>of your final mark. Please note that you need to pass both you coursework<br>and your final exam to pass the course.<br>• Submission: Please submit your solutions as a PDF on QM+. Handwrit ten or typed solutions (e.g., LATEX) are both acceptable.<br>• Please read carefully the introduction as it contains essential information<br>to solve the problems.<br>2 Introduction<br>Consider a citation network: a directed network where nodes represent journal<br>articles. A link from article i to article j indicates that i cites j. Articles that<br>contain valuable information are helpful, but so are good review articles, which<br>allow to effectively identify valuable articles. Hence, in a citation network, two<br>types of articles can be considered important:<br>• Authorities: articles that contain valuable information, and are thus cited<br>in helpful review articles.<br>• Hubs: articles that cite many authorities, helping scientists to find them.<br>We define a pair of coupled centrality measures to identify important articles:<br>• The authority centrality xi of an article i is proportional to the sum of<br>the hub centralities of the articles citing i:<br>xi = α<br>X<br>j:j cites i<br>yj . (1)<br>• The hub centrality yi of an article i is proportional to the sum of the<br>authority centralities of the articles i cites:<br>yi = β<br>X<br>j:i cites j<br>xj . (2)<br>1<br>3 Questions<br>1. Let G be a citation network with n articles. Let x = (x1, x2, . . . , xn)<br>T<br>be the (column) vector of authority centralities of articles in代 写program、Java/C++
程序 G, and let<br>y = (y1, y2, . . . , yn)<br>T be the (column) vector of hub centralities of articles<br>in G. By using the definition of adjacency matrix A of G, rewrite equations<br>(1) and (2) in matrix form. [6 Marks]<br>2. Show that<br>AAT x = λx and A<br>T Ay = λy,<br>for a certain value of λ. Specify the value of λ. [6 Marks]<br>This allows to conclude that the authorities and hub centralities are given,<br>respectively, by the eigenvectors of AAT and AT A with the same eigenvalue.<br>3. Justify why the matrices AAT and AT A have the same set of eigenvalues.<br>[8 Marks]<br>We want all entries in x and y to be positive. This is possible by the Perron Frobenius theorem, which ensures that this is the case if we take λ to be the<br>largest (i.e., most positive) eigenvalue.<br>Let us look at a specific example. Consider the following network G, with 5<br>articles v1, v2, v3, v4, and v5:<br>4. Write down the adjacency matrix A of G. [3 Marks]<br>5. Compute the authority and hub centrality for each node/article. (Hint:<br>Compute either the hub centrality or the authority centrality by finding the<br>characteristic polynomial of an appropriate matrix, and then the eigenvec tor associated with the largest eigenvalue. Deduce the other centrality using<br>your answers for question 1. Note that the centralities are defined only up<br>to a constant). [12 Marks]<br>6. Interpret the centrality values you found in Question 5. Which nodes are<br>more important according to each measure? [6 Marks]<br>7. Which nodes are likely to be review articles? Which review article was<br>probably written first? Why? [3 Marks]<br>8. Explain why the eigenvector centrality would not be meaningful for this<br>network. [6 Marks]<br>2<br><br><br>加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
